README.md, before:

# <p align='center'>SuperSockets</p>
<h3 align='center'> Easy to use implementation of python3's built in 'socket' library </h3>

<br>
<br>

# Example Use

<h4>Server Configuration</h4>

```python
#Create connection
server = connect(ip="0.0.0.0", port="1001", connection_type="server", RSA=True)

server.send("Can you here me?")
print(server.recv())

'''Not required to close the connection, but it's good practice. Close server connections only
if you don't plan on connecting to any more clients'''
server.close_connection()
```
<h4>Client Configuration</h4>

```python
from supersockets import connect

#Connect to server
client = connect(ip="0.0.0.0", port="1001", connection_type="client", RSA=True)

print(server.recv())
client.send("Loud and clear!")

#Not required to close the connection, but it's good practice
client.close_connection()
```

<br>

<h2>Required Dependences From PyPi</h2>

<h4>pycryptodome == 3.14.1</h4>

- <a href="https://github.com/Legrandin/pycryptodome">pycryptodome on GitHub</a>

- <a href="https://pypi.org/project/pycryptodome/">pycryptodome on PyPi</a>

<h4>listcrypt == 0.1.9</h4>

- <a href="https://github.com/JustScott/ListCrypt">listcrypt on GitHub</a>

- <a href="https://pypi.org/project/listcrypt/">listcrypt on PyPi</a>

<h4>rapidrsa == 0.0.6</h4>

- <a href="https://github.com/JustScott/RapidRSA">rapidrsa on GitHub</a>

- <a href="https://pypi.org/project/rapidrsa/">rapidrsa on PyPi</a>

<br>


# Documentation
```python
'''
Module to simplify the process of creating servers and clients, with seamless built in encryption options
Classes:
    connect(self, ip:str, port:int, connection_type:str, key=None, RSA=None, socket_timeout=3)
        Class for easily creating socket connections, with built in encryption options. It's pointless
        to set the RSA parameter when connection_type='client', since the server decides whether or not to use RSA.
    Methods:
        create_secure_connection(self, rsa_enabled: bool) -> bool
            Uses RSA cryptography to automatically share a key between the server and client,
            for use in symmetric encryption for any future messages
        send(self, data: any) -> bool
            Sends the data
        recv() -> any
            Ensures successful receival of data sent from the 'send' method            
        
        close_connection(self) -> bool
            Close the connection between the client and server. Both sides can use this method.
            This isn't always necessary, but it's good practice to close connections you're no
            longer using
'''
```

Commit message:

Rewrote the send() and recv() methods for a more effiecent transfer of data, and replaced the close_connection() function with the built in magic method '__del__' to close connections upon the programs ending.

README.md, after:

# <p align='center'>SuperSockets</p>
<h3 align='center'> Easy to use implementation of python3's built in 'socket' library </h3>

<br>
<br>

# Example Use

<h4>Server Configuration</h4>

```python
#Create connection
server = connect(ip="0.0.0.0", port="1001", connection_type="server", RSA=True)

server.send("Can you here me?")
print(server.recv())
```
<h4>Client Configuration</h4>

```python
from supersockets import connect

#Connect to server
client = connect(ip="0.0.0.0", port="1001", connection_type="client", RSA=True)

print(server.recv())
client.send("Loud and clear!")
```

<br>

<h2>Required Dependences From PyPi</h2>

<h4>pycryptodome == 3.15.0</h4>

- <a href="https://github.com/Legrandin/pycryptodome">pycryptodome on GitHub</a>

- <a href="https://pypi.org/project/pycryptodome/">pycryptodome on PyPi</a>

<h4>listcrypt == 0.2.2</h4>

- <a href="https://github.com/JustScott/ListCrypt">listcrypt on GitHub</a>

- <a href="https://pypi.org/project/listcrypt/">listcrypt on PyPi</a>

<h4>rapidrsa == 0.0.6</h4>

- <a href="https://github.com/JustScott/RapidRSA">rapidrsa on GitHub</a>

- <a href="https://pypi.org/project/rapidrsa/">rapidrsa on PyPi</a>

<br>


# Documentation
```python
'''
Module to simplify the process of creating servers and clients, with seamless built in encryption options
Classes:
    connect(self, ip:str, port:int, connection_type:str, key=None, RSA=None, socket_timeout=3)
        Class for easily creating socket connections, with built in encryption options. It's pointless
        to set the RSA parameter when connection_type='client', since the server decides whether or not to use RSA.
    Methods:
        create_secure_connection(self, rsa_enabled: bool) -> bool
            Uses RSA cryptography to automatically share a key between the server and client,
            for use in symmetric encryption for any future messages
        send(self, data: any) -> bool
            Sends the data
        recv() -> any
            Ensures successful receival of data sent from the 'send' method            
        
		__del__(self) -> bool
            Automatically closes the connection between the 
            client and server upon the programs end.

'''
```
